fix: properly expose the request body size exceeded error for vlstorage and expose the limit as flag (#1467)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): remove extra empty value in `Stream fields` sidebar when selecting all values within a field. See [#1235](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1235).
* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix target log rendering in the `Log context` modal. See [#1199](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1199).
* BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): return `502 Bad Gateway` from [`/select/logsql/stats_query`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-stats) and [`/select/logsql/stats_query_range`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-range-stats) when one of `vlstorage` nodes is unavailable in cluster mode. Previously these endpoints could incorrectly return `422 Unprocessable Entity`, which could break retry and failover handling in high-availability setups. See [#1419](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1419).

> * BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): properly expose the request body size exceeded error for `vlstorage` and add a config option. Previously, a protocol version error was returned because the version is read from the form body, with the read limit hardcoded to 10MB. See [#1462](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1462).

Author: What would be your suggestion?

> * BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): properly expose the request body size exceeded error for `vlstorage` and add a config option. Previously, a protocol version error was returned because the version is read from the form body, with the read limit hardcoded to 10MB. See [#1462](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1462).

Author: It's required, to make user aware of what they may encounter when issue happen. We need to include some key words in changelog, so that when user search changelog with error, they can find something.

So "a protocol version error" **MUST** be there, different wordings could be possible tho.

I'll leave it to the reviewer to decide.

* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): remove extra empty value in `Stream fields` sidebar when selecting all values within a field. See [#1235](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1235).
* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix target log rendering in the `Log context` modal. See [#1199](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1199).
* BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): return `502 Bad Gateway` from [`/select/logsql/stats_query`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-stats) and [`/select/logsql/stats_query_range`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-range-stats) when one of `vlstorage` nodes is unavailable in cluster mode. Previously these endpoints could incorrectly return `422 Unprocessable Entity`, which could break retry and failover handling in high-availability setups. See [#1419](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1419).

> * BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): properly expose the request body size exceeded error for `vlstorage` and add a config option. Previously, a protocol version error was returned because the version is read from the form body, with the read limit hardcoded to 10MB. See [#1462](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1462).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): properly return `request body too large` error when a cluster query sends too much data from `vlselect` to `vlstorage`. Previously such queries could incorrectly fail with `unexpected protocol version=""`, which looked like a version mismatch between cluster components. See [#1462](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1462).
```
